# 332 Course Revisions Due to COVID-19

[You can see the video of my informal discussion of these changes here.](https://rose-hulman.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=cd2f6150-7f33-45dd-9f10-ab8301134a3e).

While the overall structure of the course will remain the same, there
are some significant revisions.

## Lectures & In-Class Activities

Lectures will move to recorded video.  They will be posted on the
schedule page - I will endeavor to get them posted about a week in
advance.

The activities associated with lecture are very important for your
understanding.  Since I will no longer be physically there to monitor
the activities, in this version of the course you'll submit the
activities via Moodle.  Each of these activities will be worth 5
points in the Homework category, meaning overall they should be worth
about as much as a major homework assignment (meaning it will
significantly affect your grade if you miss them).  Each activity will
be due the day the lecture is scheduled on the schedule, at 11:55pm.

HOWEVER I will be continuing the practice of including the activity
solutions in the course repo.  So in order to get full credit, you
could just rename the solution file and submit it.  I don't really
reccommend just copying the solution but the point is if you get stuck
you've got a solution right there to peek at.

Let me be explicit: the activities are more important for your
understanding than my lectures.  If you must choose only one, please
do the activity.  I'll also try to highlight which parts of the
lectures are most critical for doing the activity in the lecture
descriptions.

## Discussion & Help

I'm going to encourage folks to keep on the course Piazza.  That is
where I will post when I upload new materials, and if you have a "in
class" question I encourage you to post it as a Piazza question so
discussion can begin.  I will also monitor it carefully for homework
questions and help.

But sometimes there is no substiute for some person to person hints
from me or a friendly TA.  For that, I'm going to use Microsoft Teams.
I'm going to try to be available via Teams whenever I'm working
(unless I'm doing something time critical like recording a lecture).
I'm going to try in particular to be online 2-4 MTThF Eastern - let's
call those my virtual office hours.  If you see me online anytime
though, send me a chat!  If it's a complicated question, you can even
move to video call and share your screen with me.  I can even take
control remotely if you let me.

I'm also arranging some online TA office hours via MS Teams.  Expect
some more details about that to be posted on Piazza.

## BareMetal OS

BMOS has traditionally been a project with assigned teams.  Under the
current circumstances, however, I do not have a solution for
collaboration that I feel confident will work for everybody (in
particular, for folks with spotty internet connections).

I'm going to convert the 3 BMOS Milestones to a Advanced Labs.  What
this means:

1. You have the option to BMOS individually or in a group at your
preference.  In a group, you can choose your partner.

2. BMOS will be worth a lot fewer points than it usually is, so if
folks need to skip it because they are overwhelmed that becomes
possible.

## Exams

Exams will be mostly the same, except I'll arrange for you to take
them anytime you wish on exam day - you will still be time limited to
3 hours.  We will be on the honor system that you do not collaborate
or use unapproved resources on the your exams.  You still need 65% on
the exams to pass the class - there will still be makeup exams as
normal.

# Grading Changes

These course changes require some adjustment to the breakdown in the
syllabus.

| Item                  | Weight |
|:----------------------|:-------|
|                       |        |
| Assignments/Labs      | 40%    |
| ADVANCED  Assignments | 20%    |
| Exams                 | 40%    |

Changes:

- ADVANCED Assignments has gotten slightly larger to accomidate BMOS.
  Now each advanced assignment is worth ~2.2 percent of your final
  grade, down from 2.5

- Assignments/Labs has gotten smaller due to the loss of the 3 BMOS
  assignments.  It also now includes your classwork grade.  The parts
  of this grade are weighted differently but on average each grade is
  5 percent of your final grade.  Don't miss anything!

- Exams are worth slightly more.  This should for the most part help
  folks because you already had to get a 65+ average on exams.

# Contact Me if There Are Problems

Though I hope the policies outlined here will work for almost
everybody, there well may need to be accomidations for specific
people.  The most important thing is that everybody stay as safe and
healthy as they can possibly be, so please treat that as your first
priority.

If you need something different contact me (via email or MS Teams)!